Creation of a docker development environment (#1276)
tjcsl/ion: config/documentation.md

> # Docker Development Environment
> 
> To get started, install Docker Desktop from [here](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop/).
> After installing Docker, navigate to the 'DEV ENVIRONMENTS' page, and create a new devenvironment
> clone the ion git repository, found [here](https://github.com/tjcsl/ion), into the dev environment.
> Next, open the dev environment in vscode.
> run 'cd config' to change your directory into config
> In the config directory, edit the file 'make_admin.py', substituting '<YOURUSERNAME>' for your ion username
> Then, to find the name of your dev environment, go to docker desktop and to the tab 'DEV ENVIRONMENTS'
> the name should be in the form of 'ion-< >_< >'.
> Edit the file 'docker-compose.yaml', replacing both instances of <DEFAULT_VOLUME_NAME> to 
> 'volume-(dev environment name)'
> Finally, run 'docker-compose up' and wait while the development environment is set up.
> The application will be running at localhost:8080.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Create an Ion Development Enviornment

## Prerequisites
- [Docker](https://www.docker.com) is the containization framework that runs Ion's individual services. Installation is OS-specific and instructions can be found [here](ttps://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop/). On Windows and Mac, install Docker Desktop.
- [GitHub](https://github.com) is the version control system used by the CSL. Make sure that you have an account and an SSH key tied to that account that will allow you to push and pull code.

## Set Up
1. Create your own fork of the [``tjcsl/ion`` repository](https://github.com/tjcsl/ion.git).
2. Clone the Ion repositiory from your Ion fork by running ``git clone git@github.com:<YOUR_GITHUB_USERNAME>/ion.git``.
3. Inside the Ion repository, edit the ``config/make_admin.py`` file, replacing "\<YOURUSERNAME\>" with your Ion username.
4. Inside the Ion repository, edit the ``config/docker-compose.yml`` file, replacing \<PATH_TO_ION_REPO\> with the path to where your Ion repository lives on your host machine.
5. Run ``cd config``.
5. Run ``docker-compose up -d``.

## Post Set Up
Navigate to http://localhost:8000 in the web browser of your choice. You might have to wait up to 60 seconds the first time that you create the container. When presented with the login page, log in with your Ion username and the password "nofish" (without the quotes).

## Useful Commands
### Interacting with the application:
If you need to run a Django command like ``makemigrations``, ``collectstatic`` or ``shell_plus``, run ``docker exec -it application bash`` in your terminal. That wlll give you a shell into the application container. You can also use this to run scripts like ``build_sources.sh``. If you need to view the output from or restart ``runserver``, run ``docker attach application``. 
```

# Create an Ion Development Enviornment

## Prerequisites

> - [Docker](https://www.docker.com) is the containization framework that runs Ion's individual services. Installation is OS-specific and instructions can be found [here](ttps://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop/). On Windows and Mac, install Docker Desktop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Docker](https://www.docker.com) is the containerization framework that runs Ion's individual services. Installation is OS-specific and instructions can be found [here](ttps://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop/). On Windows and Mac, install Docker Desktop.
```

My bad on the spelling.
